Add apiVersion to the code example (#13)
elastic/elasticsearch-js-legacy: README.md

var elasticsearch = require('elasticsearch');
var client = new elasticsearch.Client({
  host: 'localhost:9200',
  log: 'trace',

>   // apiVersion: '7.2', // if you're not using the latest version, uncomment and specify the engine version you are using

Reviewer: I would not leave it as a comment, it is important to **always** use the `apiVersion` parameter.
```suggestion
  apiVersion: '7.2', // use the same version of your Elasticsearch instance
```
